update description (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-display-barcode-in-column: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to display a bar code image in a column
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t280853/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to create a column's template, add a binary image control to the template, and use the **Bar Code Library** to display a bar code image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to create a column template, add a binary image control to that template, and use the **Bar Code Library** to display a bar code image.
```
